now the hospital Massacre has triggered
protests in the occupied West Bank with
hundreds of Palestinians rallying in
ramala demonstrators again turned out to
show solidarity with the people of Gaza
this comes after people took to the
streets on Tuesday night and were
confronted with Palestinian Security
Forces H Abdul Hamid joins us live from
romala so take us through first of all
the state of the streets right now a
sense of
anger definitely a sense of anger and
that voice being louder and louder every
day as we speak now uh Osama might turn
the camera and show you there's a
protest here on Manara Square which is
the center of ramala it's been going on
for a few hours now but by and large
it's been uh peaceful they are uh
Palestinian security forces and the
surroundings uh but they are keeping
away and there's no interference between
them and the protesters which is a
completely different scene from what we
have seen last uh night when there was a
lot of chaos on the Square was sound
grenades and tear gas being fired also
exchange of gun fire between the
Palestinian security forces and um uh
gunman uh we don't know who they were
but certainly that happened well today's
a completely different scene we did hear
reports about uh protests also in other
towns uh around the occupied West Bank
we know that there was some tension
between the Palestinian uh security
forces and protesters in nablo but we
haven't heard about any sort of of that
evolving into something bigger at this
uh stage uh certainly the message coming
out of here is in support of Gaza if I
could jump in because we we understand
there also been calls for Mahmud Abbas
to step down how much of a difficult
position does it put the head of the PA
in well there have been a few chance
last night and
today sprinkled in the middle of other
slogans that they have been chanting
Mahmud Abbas is in a very difficult
position he's been at a difficult
position already before uh this crisis
you know the major majority of the
population here in the occupied West
Bank is very young and they feel that
somehow Mahmud Abbas is a bit out of
touch are they're infuriated that uh he
keeps on wanting to pursue a peace
process these ords that they don't know
about they were actually born after that
was signed and they haven't seen any
fruits of Peace since the beginning of
of this crisis he had been by and large
silence he hadn't shown himself until
last night um he was in Jordan when the
the news about that attack on the um
Hospital there in Gaza it started
spreading and the protesters came to the
square and it's at this stage that he
decided to pull out and return
immediately here and that's when the
first time he addressed the Palestinian
people I think he had no other move
really at that stage and no other choice
but to come back here and to be among
the Palestinians all right Abdul Hamid
there thanks so
much